dear Editor this is the murderer of the
two teenagers last Christmas at Lake
Herman and the girl on the 4th of July I
want you to print this cipher on the
front page of your paper
he wants his coat in the afternoon
edition Lee Smith don't you have a car -
to finish - San Francisco
another letter school children make nice
targets and gave himself a name freak
Morse code astrological signs this guy's
used em all
you like killing people because man is
the most dangerous animal of all just
one dude that I like puzzles I do the
movie got any hard suspects top 90 an
hour will come up to around 500 we got
for crime scenes not a single usable
print you can't think of this case and
honor for Easterns he's breaking the
pattern - ed you're a cartoonist oh yeah
what are you doing at the gun range
I just want to help what are you some
kind of Boy Scout Eagle Scout actually
first class well I've been thinking the
good citizen you saw was my other names
Robert you mean there's no evidence
you haven't seen with the ciphers the
military boot prints the bloody knife
circumstantial why do you need to do
this cuz nobody else will do we can wind
up off are you okay
no why'd you do it
put your face out there for him to see
hello boozes zodiac was my job it's not
yours
he's still out there Dave killing is his
compulsion it drives him that's in his
blood geez what squirrels I forgot I can
give you a lift to the service station
Joyce go around helping people in the
night I'm not the zodiac and if I was I
certainly wouldn't tell you are you sure
there's nobody else in the house
[Music]